ROX-11284: Map dackbox object types to existing resources (#2281)
stackrox/stackrox: CHANGELOG.md

  - New permission `DeploymentExtension` will deprecate the permissions `Indicator, NetworkBaseline, ProcessWhitelist, Risk`.
  - New permission `Integration` will deprecate the permissions `APIToken, BackupPlugins, ImageIntegration, Notifier, SignatureIntegration`.
  Each deprecated permission will be removed in a future release.

> - Permission `ImageComponent` is deprecated and will be replaced by permission `Image`. Similar to the permission changes introduced with ROX-8520, `ImageComponent` will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Permission `ImageComponent` is deprecated and will be superseded by the existing permission `Image`. Similar to the permission changes introduced with ROX-8520, `ImageComponent` will be removed in a future release.
```
